[BLOG] Add moving-scipy-to-meson (#393)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/moving-scipy-to-meson.md

---
title: 'Moving SciPy to the Meson build system'
published: July 25, 2021
author: ralf-gommers
description: 'SciPy now builds with Meson on Linux, and the full test suite passes!
This is a pretty exciting milestone, and good news for SciPy maintainers and
contributors - they can look forward to much faster builds and a more
pleasant development experience.'
category: [Developer workflows]
featuredImage:
  src: /posts/moving-scipy-to-meson/feature.png

>   alt: 'Cropped diagram of SciPy's external build and runtime dependencies.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt: "Cropped diagram of SciPy's external build and runtime dependencies."
```
